docs: add note to not recommended Traditional Validation Rules (#8185)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/libraries/validation.rst

Traditional Rules
-----------------

> .. important:: Traditional Rules exist only for backward compatibility. Do not
>     use them in new projects. Even if you are already using, we recommend that
>     you switch to Strict Rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important:: Traditional Rules exist only for backward compatibility. Do not
    use them in new projects. Even if you are already using them, we recommend 
    switching to Strict Rules.
```
